hsa-miR-198;Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
hsa-miR-29a;Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
hsa-miR-29b;Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
hsa-miR-101;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-103a;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-106b;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-107;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-124;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-125b;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-128;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-137;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-144;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-146a;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-153;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-17;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-181c;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-195;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-20a;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-21;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-29a;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-29b;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-34c;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-590;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-9;Alzheimer Disease
hsa-miR-140;Arthritis
hsa-miR-15a;Arthritis
hsa-miR-124;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-132;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-146a;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-203;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-223;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-346;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-34a;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-363;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-498;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-499a;Arthritis, Rheumatoid
hsa-miR-16;Autoimmune Diseases
hsa-miR-708;Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-101;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-103a;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-103b;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-106b;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-107;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-10a;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-10b;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-1;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-122;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-124;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-1245a;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-1245b;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-1258;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-125a;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-125b;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-126;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-127;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-128;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-1290;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-129;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-132;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-1323;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-133a;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-133b;Breast Neoplasms
hsa-miR-135a;Breast Neoplasms